README.md, before:

# hs-rosetta

hs-rosetta is a [hsd][hsd] plugin for coinbase rosetta.

## Usage

    hsd --plugins hs-rosetta --index-tx --index-address

requires `--index-tx` `--index-address` for reporting account balances.

## Reference

https://djr6hkgq2tjcs.cloudfront.net

NOTE: We do not support querying address balance by height yet. According to
the spec, this is optional.

## Testing

Install hsd:

    $ git clone https://github.com/handshake-org/hsd
    $ cd hsd
    $ npm install

Install hs-rosetta:

    $ git clone https://github.com/tuxcanfly/hs-rosetta
    $ cd hs-rosetta
    $ npm install
    $ npm link

Link hs-rosetta:

    $ cd hsd
    $ npm link hs-rosetta

Sync mainnet:

    $ hsd --plugins hs-rosetta --index-tx --index-address

Install rosetta-cli:

    $ go get github.com/coinbase/rosetta-cli

Run check:

    $ rosetta-cli check --lookup-balance-by-block=false

NOTE: `--lookup-balance-by-block=false` is required because we do not support
querying address balance by height yet.

Successful result:

    >>Adding block &{Index:17819 Hash:00000000000002146e6df64bc47a06b89e936b5e4f5349e3ffbaab27e4439644}
    >>...
    >>2020/06/03 17:17:38 Syncer at tip 17820...sleeping

If it fails, you might see `Reconciliation failed` or similar error. Please
report it.

## Contribution and License Agreement

If you contribute code to this project, you are implicitly allowing your code
to be distributed under the MIT license. You are also implicitly verifying that
all code is your original work. `</legalese>`

## License

Copyright (c) 2020, The Handshake Developers (MIT License)

See LICENSE for more info.

[hsd]: https://github.com/handshake-org/hsd

Commit message:

http: use config options; fix docs, lint

README.md, after:

# hs-rosetta

hs-rosetta is a [hsd][hsd] plugin for coinbase rosetta.

## Usage

    hsd --plugins hs-rosetta --index-tx --index-address

requires `--index-tx` `--index-address` for reporting account balances.

## Reference

https://djr6hkgq2tjcs.cloudfront.net

NOTE: We do not support querying address balance by height yet. According to
the spec, this is optional.

## Testing

Install hsd:

    $ git clone https://github.com/handshake-org/hsd
    $ cd hsd
    $ npm install

Install hs-rosetta:

    $ git clone https://github.com/tuxcanfly/hs-rosetta
    $ cd hs-rosetta
    $ npm install
    $ npm link

Link hs-rosetta:

    $ cd hsd
    $ npm link hs-rosetta

Sync mainnet:

    $ hsd --plugins hs-rosetta --index-tx --index-address

Install rosetta-cli:

    $ go get github.com/coinbase/rosetta-cli

Run check:

    $ rosetta-cli check --lookup-balance-by-block=false

NOTE: `--lookup-balance-by-block=false` is required because we do not support
querying address balance by height yet.

Successful result:

    >>Adding block &{Index:17819 Hash:00000000000002146e6df64bc47a06b89e936b5e4f5349e3ffbaab27e4439644}
    >>...
    >>2020/06/03 17:17:38 Syncer at tip 17820...sleeping

If it fails, you might see `Reconciliation failed` or similar error. Please
report it.

## Config

Options to the Rosetta HTTP Server can be configured by using the following
arguments:

      --rosetta-http-host: HTTP host
      --rosetta-http-port: HTTP port
      --rosetta-api-key: API key
      --rosetta-no-auth: Disable auth
      --rosetta-cors: Enable CORS
      --rosetta-ssl: Whether to enable SSL
      --rosetta-ssl-key: SSL key
      --rosetta-ssl-cert: SSL cert

The same options can be configured using the file: `~/.hsd/rosetta.conf`
assuming the `prefix` is `~/.hsd`, for example:

    $ cat ~/.hsd/rosetta.conf

    rosetta-http-port: 8123

## Contribution and License Agreement

If you contribute code to this project, you are implicitly allowing your code
to be distributed under the MIT license. You are also implicitly verifying that
all code is your original work. `</legalese>`

## License

Copyright (c) 2020, The Handshake Developers (MIT License)

See LICENSE for more info.

[hsd]: https://github.com/handshake-org/hsd
